AndrewID: yuchenca

Task 1:
    Notice that glColor4f() requires value of color from 0 to 1, unlike the software_renderer one with 0 to 255.
    Fully implemented.

Task 2:
    Note that when |(y1-y0)/(x1-x0)| is larger than 1, it is not easy to calculate the approximate points of y+e as x+1,
    it's better to make step long y, and to calculate x+e, which means inverse the ratio.
    Fully implemented.

Task 3:
    If we first draw the lines of triangle, we don't need to consider the situation of Barycentric Algorithm,
     where ratio of cross product equals 0 and sum of ratio of cross product is 1.
    Fully implemented.

Task 4:
    I spent lots of time there, and I didn't finish this part before checkpoint, because I wasn't careful enough about the superpixel's
    scale is enlarged in everyway, we need also add those scale change to rasterize triangle and line and point. In the end, I'm not 
    quite sure if I implement it correctly or not.

Task 5:
    This task is quite straight forward... And if we look at hardware_renderer in the same place, it's basically explaining everything.
    Fully implemented. The biggest issue that I notice is the code draw a new SVG every time on top of the previous one, so we have to
    clean the canvas every time before we draw a new one, which means to set every pixel to 255,255,255,255 (white).

Task 6:
    
    I think the biggest issue for this part is to think it clearly about whether it's coordinate in texel's uv[0,1] map or it's pixel's
    [x0, y0] map, and because the pixel has half pixel rule, we need to -0.5f before turning into texel.

Task 7:
    This one is relatively straight forward as long as task 6 is correct, it's important to calculate the level of mipmap before using 
    the trilinear interpolation.

Task 8:
    At first, I didn't write correct draw_triangle in the beginning, the alpha part is always darker because my triangle makes step of 0.5f
    each time. So it's important to understand the step meaning.

Extra credit:

    I completed the following extra credit work... (or N/A)

Any other comments and considerations:

    ....